in one Malaysian region in pamphylia
while the empire of roman rule
aurelian gemon antonin perpetrated cruel
the massacre of Christians famous
medium was the priest of the city Sid Alexander
fiery preacher of the doctrine of christ
it was Antonin who ordered him
first thing to grab in order to deprive
Syrian herd of Christ their leader
on a demonstration court hegemon perpetrated
Saint Alexander interrogation who are you I
christian san and rey pastry christ
verbal herd
posted Alexander and where is
This herd asked Antonin
living throughout the universe created humans
christ god said holy
he is the savior of the world life and light for those
who believe in him
believers and there is the essence of his sheep herd who
those who have fallen away from their creator are those who
serves to create the work of human hands and
gave them soulless What were you
shadows may belong to his saint
I will not be on the Day of Judgment
put together with the goats them on the left
side antonin laughed how
can that man be the savior
who died on the cross
but saint on a silly grin and dimona
said really marvelous with dignity
surprise that he took the cross
and death by the flesh of their own free will
deity destroyed the power of hell allowed
that connected and being water
killed death and rose from the grave
and not only he rose from the dead but
and he raised with himself the whole generation
human but did not heed Antonin the great
the meaning of what was said by saint alexander
sent the holy martyr to the terrible
torture such that the whole body is priest
turned into one bloody ulcer but
all his attempts to force him were in vain
saint alexander repudiate the Lord
god kept it and doing it all over again
unscathed so in the oven hot vk and
abandoned martyr
saw the pagans in the flames of two young men
wonderful faces praising god along with
alexander those were the angels cool and
holy
stove fire
the people marveled and many seeing miracles
holy
believed in the omnipotent power of the Lord
jesus christ alexander himself courageously
suffering all the misery
yes so everyone was amazed or his
patience beyond understanding
the human was finally beheaded by the sword
and the Lord punished the torturer right there for
raging antonym huddled in diabolical
convulsions and went into eternal flour
Satan and his servants
and
March 28, the Day of the Holy Martyr
Alexandra
ire in the side
and